6MonthsIntoVulkan.md, before:

Concepts in Vulkan [Frustration]:
    Instance
    Device
    Swapchain
    RenderPass
    Framebuffer [Connects_RenderPass_&_SwapchainImgs]

Concepts in Vulkan [quid_pro_quo]
    Pipeline
    Shader
    Buffers
    Image
    CommandBuffers & Queues [+CommandPool]
    Synchronization [Semaphores_&_Fences]

STD Stuffs to Ignore
    Unordered_Map [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M2fKMP47slQ]
    std::sort & std::merge [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zqs87a_7zxw]
    I also try not to use VECTOR whereever I can

Fun Stuffs:
    https://www.fasterthan.life/blog/2017/7/11/i-am-graphics-and-so-can-you-part-1
    [https://liamhinzman.com/blog/vulkan-fundamentals]
    https://alain.xyz/blog/raw-vulkan
    

LEVEL-II [INTERMEDIATE]:
    [https://web.engr.oregonstate.edu/~mjb/whirlwind]
    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0R23npUCCnw
    [https://fgiesen.wordpress.com/2011/07/09/a-trip-through-the-graphics-pipeline-2011-index/]
    [https://zeux.io/2020/02/27/writing-an-efficient-vulkan-renderer]
    Synchronization, RayTracing, VideoEncDec soon....
    [https://www.vulkan.org/blog]
    .
    Introduction to the Vulkan Computer Graphics API by Mike Bailey (SIGGRAPH 2020) (Video ain't that cool, [SLIDES](https://web.engr.oregonstate.edu/~mjb/vulkan/Handouts/FULL.1pp.pdf) are really fast
    [WIP](https://developer.nvidia.com/sites/default/files/akamai/gameworks/VulkanDevDaypdaniel.pdf) - I am gonna add the Slide 37 from there smtime soom on this README page
    [WIP](https://software.intel.com/content/www/us/en/develop/articles/api-without-secrets-introduction-to-vulkan-part-2.html) Will have to cover this too
    [WIP](https://www.jeremyong.com/c++/vulkan/graphics/rendering/2018/03/26/how-to-learn-vulkan/) Bold Lines from here.... and how he directly tells to start with SHADERS
    .
    A Colorfull 2^2^2 page [List](https://www.khronos.org/files/vulkan11-reference-guide.pdf) of VK1.1 Functions
    ['Resources' Resource](https://inexor-vulkan-renderer.readthedocs.io/en/latest/links/main.html)
    another ['Resources' Resource](https://wiki.nikitavoloboev.xyz/computer-graphics/vulkan)


Git Commands:
```shell
    git add .   #'Stage' changes
    git restore --staged .   #revert Staged changes

    git commit  #'Commit' Locally
    git reset HEAD~1 --soft  #reverse of commit,  still changed will be in Staged state

    git commit --amend       #add the newly Staged changed to this commit that wasn't pushed

    git push    #github.com/REYNEP/amVK.git will be updated/downgraded by commits
    git pull    #your repo will be updated/downgraded by commits

    git log
    git status
    git diff
    git show

    #smth about git https://github.blog/2020-12-17-commits-are-snapshots-not-diffs/
```

Commit message:

Lets just make it to 10 Commits.... But we haven't entered 0.0.3 yet....
[Start Again (feat. Logic) - OneRepublic, Logic]
https://open.spotify.com/track/1Nj2oBISdFDSF8eDuXcALz

6MonthsIntoVulkan.md, after:

Concepts in Vulkan [Frustration]:
    Instance
    Device
    Swapchain
    RenderPass
    Framebuffer [Connects_RenderPass_&_SwapchainImgs]

Concepts in Vulkan [quid_pro_quo]
    Pipeline
    Shader
    Buffers
    Image
    CommandBuffers & Queues [+CommandPool]
    Synchronization [Semaphores_&_Fences]

STD Stuffs to Ignore
    Unordered_Map [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M2fKMP47slQ]
    std::sort & std::merge [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zqs87a_7zxw]
    I also try not to use VECTOR whereever I can

Fun Stuffs:
    https://www.fasterthan.life/blog/2017/7/11/i-am-graphics-and-so-can-you-part-1
    [https://liamhinzman.com/blog/vulkan-fundamentals]
    https://alain.xyz/blog/raw-vulkan
    

LEVEL-II [INTERMEDIATE]:
    [https://web.engr.oregonstate.edu/~mjb/whirlwind]
    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0R23npUCCnw
    [https://fgiesen.wordpress.com/2011/07/09/a-trip-through-the-graphics-pipeline-2011-index/]
    [https://zeux.io/2020/02/27/writing-an-efficient-vulkan-renderer]
    Synchronization, RayTracing, VideoEncDec soon....
    [https://www.vulkan.org/blog]
    .
    Introduction to the Vulkan Computer Graphics API by Mike Bailey (SIGGRAPH 2020) (Video ain't that cool, [SLIDES](https://web.engr.oregonstate.edu/~mjb/vulkan/Handouts/FULL.1pp.pdf) are really fast
    [WIP](https://developer.nvidia.com/sites/default/files/akamai/gameworks/VulkanDevDaypdaniel.pdf) - I am gonna add the Slide 37 from there smtime soom on this README page
    [WIP](https://software.intel.com/content/www/us/en/develop/articles/api-without-secrets-introduction-to-vulkan-part-2.html) Will have to cover this too
    [WIP](https://www.jeremyong.com/c++/vulkan/graphics/rendering/2018/03/26/how-to-learn-vulkan/) Bold Lines from here.... and how he directly tells to start with SHADERS
    .
    A Colorfull 2^2^2 page [List](https://www.khronos.org/files/vulkan11-reference-guide.pdf) of VK1.1 Functions
    ['Resources' Resource](https://inexor-vulkan-renderer.readthedocs.io/en/latest/links/main.html)
    another ['Resources' Resource](https://wiki.nikitavoloboev.xyz/computer-graphics/vulkan)


Git Commands:
```shell
    git add .   #'Stage' changes
    git restore --staged .   #revert Staged changes

    git commit  #'Commit' Locally
    git reset HEAD~1 --soft  #reverse of commit,  still changed will be in Staged state

    git commit --amend       #add the newly Staged changed to this commit that wasn't pushed

    git push    #github.com/REYNEP/amVK.git will be updated/downgraded by commits
    git pull    #your repo will be updated/downgraded by commits

    git log
    git status
    git diff
    git show

    #smth about git https://github.blog/2020-12-17-commits-are-snapshots-not-diffs/
    #This is why you cant have manual diffs.... cz commits are snalshots not diffs
    #when you try to see a diff, it is calculated on your Processor locally, ig....
    #hell, i even tried this and knowledge from w3modding times https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Tools-Interactive-Staging
```
