.readme/amVK.md, before:

<!--
  [Cut out on SEPT22 from amVK.cpp]



 * WORKFLOW in a GLANCE [if you want pictures (for now) https://www.khronos.org/assets/uploads/developers/library/2016-vulkan-devu-seoul/1-Vulkan-Tutorial_English.pdf]
 * MY ADVICE: FEEL FREE TO COLLAPSE FUNCTIONS, I Tried my best make private-functions independant.... each function is like a station & they just sets values to Variables listed below 
 * For now, call CreateInstance and CreateDevice. thats as far as you can get with this Shitty ass shyte amVK Library [6/26/2021]
 * 
 * ZERO: Instance Creation ------ You are just copy pasting & learning the Philosophy
 * D: RenderDOc Vulkan in 30 Minutes
 * D: VkStructures, their similarities
 * D: Why Vulkan
 * D: Vulkan Layers
 * D: Anything not hidden from the DEVS
 * D: CreateInfos
 * D: Enum Functions
 * D: [VK_KHR_win32_surface gives 'vkCreateWin32SurfaceKHR']
 * D: Learn to Read the VK_Specs
 * 
 * ONE: Device Creation --------- a Step furthur into prologue madness
 * D: Enum PhysicalDeivices, Exts, Features and it's qFamilies [cur. vk has 3 qfamilies, \see ref in amVK::createDevice]
 * D: everyInfo_PD PD{}; member var
 * D: Choose which queueFamily and How many queues to create on a LogicalDevice [To use >1 qFamilies i think the solution is to Create Multiple LogicalDevices, Ask a ques on official forum/Reddit]
 *    see 5.3.2 Queue Creation chapter. vkCreateDevice is when you need to specify qFamily and queues you are gonna use
 * D: VkDeviceCreateInfo.pEnabledFeatures for enabling Extra Features from a GPU
 * D: VkDeviceCreateInfo.ppEnabledExtensionNames for all the Exts that you are gonna use [eg: VK_KHR_SWAPCHAIN, RTX]
 * D: Finally Create the Device, its a Logical One, so you could create multiple in same Physical one, But i don't think anyone needs that
 * D: Fun fact, VkPhysicalDevice itself is an Pointer
 * 
 *     ONE-ONE: the VULKAN CI [Create Info]
 *              .sType ; [khr-reg]/vulkan/specs/1.2-extensions/man/html/VkStructureType.html]
 *              .pNext ; [TODO]
 *              .flags ; [mostly 'reserved for future'] - - - 
 * 
 * TWO: The PROLOGUE Starts! - (Single-Thread Still yet)
 * D: Remember the SurfaceExtension that you queried for vkCreateInstance? You'll need to create Surface for every window
 *    But thats not, something amVK does for you. You need to Manage your own Windows and Surface, Check out amGHOST or GLFW
 *    for Creating surface only thing you will need is amVK_CX::instance;
 * D: PRESENTATION, Don;t get bothered by the word, I was really bothered by it and lost months of Time
 *    it simply, Means that, when GPU PRESENTs [or simply rather SEND PixelValues] to a Fking SURFACE
 *    Annnnnd, thats just it, PRESENTATION SUPPORT [like HULK says, YEEEES! Time-Travel.... What, I see this as an Absolute WIN]
 *    Have Some Hope
 * D: SWAP_CHAIN
 *    [WATCH Brendan Galea's Video on Swapchain, Read TODO: Update this Swapchain DOCS]
 *    Not all graphics cards are capable of presenting images directly to a screen for various reasons, e.g cz they're designed for servers & don't have any display output.
 *    2ndly, since image presentation is heavily tied into the window system and the surfaces associated with windows, it is not actually part of the Vulkan core. 
 *    You have to enable the VK_KHR_swapchain device extension after querying for its support.
 *      - From Vulkan-Tutorial by Alexander Overvoorde
 *    
 *    Now before you Actually Get Into creating the SwapChain. You need to hear something out, [Chappy] (GO Lawrance GO [cobra Kai-ep1]):-
 *      When creating such CreateInfos like the Swapchain, you might get really confused.... Like I Got confused by the imageFormat and imageColorSpace
 *        - Now U'll most probably learn your lesson after you've gotten yourself into some case like that....
 *      Don't do that to yourself, try to Know what you're Actually doin'....
 *      + Don't Try to breakDown every single Stuff that the DRIVER does.... Sometimes its just not Worth it.... + You don't need to anyway
 *      + Sometimes you might 
 * 
 *    Now go on and Check out https://renderdoc.org/vkspec_chunked/chap34.html#_surface_queries, Get yourself an IDEA of what SURFACE_SUP looks like 
 *    Most of these is not about your choices, rather WHAT your DRIVER sup and gives you the options....      
 *      
 *    Now you can finally go and Check the functions inside amVK_WI.hh & amVK_WI.cpp
 *    Create a Swapchain and Check when I recreated the Swapchain in rtr.cpp (if you are confused about amGHOST usage)
 *      + e.g. When window is Resized or minimized swapchain ReCreation is required
 * 
 *  SIDE-QUEST: If you get really Exhausted, go Read this, use your Phone, Get some Sleep, Have some snacks, GIve time to your loved ones [better if you have a GirlFriend, someone that I never had the luck for, yet], maybe go to movies with that someone, 
 *             Then come back fresh minded after some time, Bcz what you have done was great, and If you did it in a Week, go buy yourself a Friggin' big 20' Pizza or smth, You'ld deserve it
 *             THIS: jeremyong.com/c++/vulkan/graphics/rendering/2018/03/26/how-to-learn-vulkan/
 * 
 *  SIDE-QUEST: vblanco20-1 also has a small vkEngine which happens to do more than amVK does rn
 *             Go Check it out if you got a day to spare or understand what you did till this far
 *             THIS: https://github.com/vblanco20-1/VkEngine/blob/master/src/vulkan_init.cpp
 *             This Guy also Worked on THIS: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/issues/23998#issuecomment-497951825
 * 
 *  TBA: APIs Without Secrets update coming soon to Swapchain
 * 
 * 
 * 
 * 
 *  D: RenderPass    [MOTTO: its more about the SubPasses and not about'RenderPass' hype that you get from hearing the name]
 *     In Vulkan, all of the rendering happens inside a VkRenderPass. 
 *     It is not possible to do rendering commands outside of a renderpass, 
 *     but it is possible to do   Compute commands without them.
 * 
 *     MUST-READ: https://vkguide.dev/docs/chapter-1/vulkan_renderpass/    [Don't Forget to check the IMAGE LAYOUT section]
 *     You can also Read this if you Want to: https://renderdoc.org/vkspec_chunked/chap9.html#renderpass
 *     also this https://stackoverflow.com/questions/39551676/confused-about-render-pass-in-vulkan-api
 *     Also This https://software.intel.com/content/www/us/en/develop/articles/api-without-secrets-introduction-to-vulkan-part-3.html
 * 
 *  SIDE-QUEST: A More Broad Overview https://gpuopen.com/learn/vulkan-renderpasses/    [still yet introductory in a sense]
 *     Well, this goddamn fucking RenderPass Thingy feels exactly like what I imagined it would be
 *     Tiling the hell outta the GPU, but still keeping order between them without SYNC-wait-wrk
 *     AMD & NVIDIA Doesn't make TILING GPUs?
 * 
 *   A Renderpass will render into a Framebuffer. The framebuffer links to the images you will render to, 
 *   and it’s used when starting a renderpass to set the target images for rendering, with this:
        vkBeginCommandBuffer(cmd, ...);
        vkCmdBeginRenderPass(cmd, ...);
    
 *   [A.K.A: Later you will need to let the FrameBuffer Know about RenderPass [Just check out FrameBuffer Creation Code first, what are you doing here just reading and reading and reading]
 * 
 *     [From the GPUOPEN:]
 *     In Vulkan, a renderpass object contains the structure of the frame. 
 *     In its simplest form, a renderpass encapsulates the set of framebuffer attachments, 
 *                                                     basic information about pipeline state and not much more. 
 *     However, a renderpass can contain one or more subpasses and information about how those subpasses relate to one another. 
 *     This is where things get interesting.
 * 
 * 
 *   Something from VkGuide to mention NOW:
 *      The renderpass is a concept that only exists in Vulkan. 
 *      It’s there because it allows the driver to know more about the state of the images you render.  
 *      [HOW? it's Bcz of SubPasses, (thats only if... you do use them)]s
 * 
 *  Back to Where vkGuide were:-
 *     First thing we start writing is the color attachment. 
 *     This is the description of the image we will be writing into with rendering commands.
 *     It's Really nothing more than that. But the vkSpec Glossary [https://renderdoc.org/vkspec_chunked/chap54.html#glossary] says somewhat different
 *     \see Attachment (Render Pass) & \see Color Attachments
 * 
 *     There can be multiple Color Attachments, We will need to link them with RenderPass's Attachments
 *     Along with the subpasses, using AttachMentReference
 * 
 *     But I don't think we will use Multiple cz.... it's more like description of img we'l be writing into with rendering commands.
 * 
 *  Now finally [Read this after you see the entire code to Create RenderPass]
 *     ABOUT IMAGE-LAYOUTS:
 *          Images in the GPU aren’t necessarily in the format you would expect. 
 *          For optimization purposes, the GPUs perform a lot of transformation and reshuffling of them into internal opaque formats. 
 *          For example, some GPUs will compress textures whenever they can, and will reorder the way the pixels are arranged so that they mipmap better. 
 * 
 *       In Vulkan, you don’t have control of that, 
 *          but there is control over the layout for the image, which lets the driver transform the image to those optimized internal formats.
 * 
 *      If you get overwhelmed by so many IMAGE LAYOUTS and start wondering what to use.... Then
 *      Just don't be Overwhelmed....  [& listen to some ROCK bands like Linkin Park]
 *      Its Only about choosing the Most OPTIMAL one.... like [VK_IMAGE_LAYOUT_GENERAL could be used anywhere.... But it's like HELLISHLY OPPOSITE: of OPTIMAL]
 * 
 * 
 *      [P.S. I like Chester's Pop songs too.... Heavy, I'm just talking to myself]
 * 
 * 
 *    MORE DETAILS on RENDER PASS Coming Soon
 *    CAN WE USE MUltiple of these? How to sync? When to Use even Multiple? WTF does exactly RenderPass Represent?
 *    https://renderdoc.org/vkspec_chunked/chap8.html#synchronization-semaphores-waiting has got something usefull about RENDERPASS, Seems like what I thought Exactly
 * 
 * 
 *  D: FRAMEBUFFERS
 *     This actually will just hold the Information about actual vkImages from the Swapchain and the RENDER-PASS together
 *     Letting the RenderPass access the vkImages ig....
 *     As the vkImages will change along with SWAPCHAIN-Upadtes.... You will need to Update these Framebuffers
 *     I mean you will need to ReCreate FrameBuffers too....
 * 
 * 
 * 
 *  D: Queues
 *     Sm stuffs about QUEUES: stackoverflow.com/a/55273688
 *          QUOTE: For many apps, a single "universal" queue is all they need. More advanced ones might have one graphics+compute queue, a separate compute-only queue for asynchronous compute work, 
 *                 and a transfer queue for async DMA. Then map what you'd like onto what's available;
 *     if you are confused about queues and qFamilies: [https://stackoverflow.com/a/65086765]
 *     and yes if you think more queues = (idk, what you are thinking, just check this out): [https://www.reddit.com/r/vulkan/comments/kjb388/reason_for_only_creating_1_queue/ggw81mc]
 *     
 * 
 *  D: CommandPool & CommandBuffers
 *     a Good point to start: https://vkguide.dev/docs/chapter-1/vulkan_command_flow/
 *     SHORT: Unlike OpenGL or DirectX pre-11, in Vulkan, all GPU commands have to go through a command buffer. 
 *            Command buffers are allocated from a Command Pool, and executed on Queues.
 *            The general flow to execute commands is:
 *              - You allocate a VkCommandBuffer from a VkCommandPool
 *              - You record commands into the command buffer, using VkCmdXXXXX functions.
 *              - You submit the command buffer into a VkQueue, which starts executing the commands.
 *       [- vblanco20-1]
 * 
 *     It is possible to submit the same command buffer multiple times.
 * 
 * 
 *     CommandBuffer is the only way to MAKE the GPU work for you.... XD
 *     READ: https://vkguide.dev/docs/chapter-1/vulkan_command_flow/#vkcommandbuffer again
 *     AFTER: You have read my Pipeline State doc page that actually explains the IDEA of STATE-MACHINE
 *     TODO: Turn STATE DOC  into a Video on VULKAN PIPELINE
 * 
 * 
 * THREE: - INTO THE PROLOGUE:-    [Well You can watch the PROLOGUE now or after 2nd TIMEline your WISH!!!!]
 *   D:  SYNC & renderLoop Intro:
 *       https://vkguide.dev/docs/chapter-1/vulkan_mainloop/
 *       NVIDIA GDC Talk time
 *       Fench - CPU-GPU Sync         [Easiest one SO FAR]
 *       Semaphore - GPU-GPU sync     [can be UNSIGNALED after Signaled, ref: https://www.reddit.com/r/vulkan/comments/6pwuzd]
 *       Barrier - TBA
 *       Event - TBA
 * 
 *       In your MAIN Loop use:
 *          vkWaitForFences(device->_D, 1, &fenceOne, true, 1000000000);
 *          vkResetFences(device->_D, 1, &fenceOne);
 * 
 *       QueueSubmission & SEMA: https://renderdoc.org/vkspec_chunked/chap6.html#devsandqueues-submission
 *                               https://renderdoc.org/vkspec_chunked/chap8.html#synchronization-semaphores-waiting
 * 
 * 
 *    D: PIPELINE - Intro1
 *       -VkPipelineLayout is a must [even created (vkCreatePipelineLayout)  with   null/0   is okay....]
 * 
 * 
 * 
 *  FOUR:  - THE 2nd TIMELINE - [Movie hasn't actually started YET]
 *    D: VERTEX_BUFFER
 *       In Vulkan, you can allocate memory visible to the GPU, and read it from the shaders. You can allocate memory for two purposes, 
 *            1. for images We have already been using images a bit as part of the render pass and the swapchain, 
 *               but using them in the shaders can be complicated so we leave it for a later chapter. 
 *               Images are used mostly for 2d or 3d data, like textures, where you want to access any part of it from the shaders.
 * 
 *            2. The other type is BUFFERS,  and are just a bunch of memory that the GPU can see and write/read to. 
 *               There are multiple types of buffers, and they can be used in different ways. 
 *               vertex buffer  will allow the GPU to read the data from the buffer and send it to our vertex shader.
 * 
 *       To read a vertex buffer from a shader, you need to set the vertex input state on the pipeline. 
 *       This will let Vulkan know how to interpret a given buffer as vertex data. Once this is set up, 
 *       we will be able to get vertex information into the vertex shader, like vertex colors or vertex positions, automatically.
 * 
 *      Summing it up, say we wanna RENDER an actual OBJECT from CPU MEM, we Create VERTEX_BUFFER.... just another chunk of memory [to PASS TO GPU]
 *                     Then we USE VMA to Allocate & Upload the Buffer to the GPU    [then we might & can delete the CPU Data]
 *                     Finally we gotta let the GPU Know the FUCKING layout of VERTEX_BUFFER via Binding & Attribute DESC.... passing them to VertexInputState at PIPELINE
 *                                  [e.g. There can be 1 Binding But 3 inputs to SHADER.... or Each Binding per Input to Shader]
 * 
 *      Also 1 Pipeline can be used for Different VERTEX_BUFFERS as long as those VERTEX_BUFFERS [a.k.a different OBJECTS] has the SAME MATERIAL
 *      [https://www.reddit.com/r/vulkan/comments/e7n5b6/drawing_multiple_objects/]
 * 
 *    D: PUSH-CONSTANTS:
 *      https://stackoverflow.com/a/50956855
 *      Brendan Galea 09 - Push Constants
 * ---------------------
 * UNDER-THE-HOOD in a GLANCE
 */








  ADDITIONAL RESOURCES: github.com/jcoder58/VulkanResources
-->



# !TOP_PRIORITY
- TODO: Once you finish these Stuffs. Go Live. and Try to explain whats actually going on....
- TODO: REALTIME Viewport Comp https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cy8dopYFTqY with EEVEE
- TODO: Cleanup (like vkDestroyInstance)

# !2ND_PRIORITY
- Add support for Multiple DEVICE [PRIORITY, Always Better to make use of All those Hardware Just Sitting there] & Instances [Even if it's NEVER Needed anyway]
- Add a Basic Template for Vulkan Layer [Has to Be Fun] & User VulkanLayers
- Add Support for User-Specified Exts & amGHOST_Presets     [InstanceExts_&_DeviceExts....] (e.g. Vulkan3D Preset, RT_Preset, ENC/DEC_Preset)
- Add support for user Choosing Device Features and ETC

# COOL_FEATURES
- Add docs for VULKAN Structs and CREATEInfos In particular
- Add Support for MIXING AMD and NVIDIA CARDS. [PROBLEMS: Different InstancExts, ]
- Docs & Extended BenchMarks on VARIABLE-PRESENT-MODE? I mean sometimes you can be sure that the frame you are gonna render is gonna take upto this amount of time. [VKSPEC_33.8.Display_Timing_Queries]
- Showing ALl the info like iep, iExts, PDinfo etc in a good UI kinda WAY, Maybe a NODE SYSTEM based?
- Document the DEPENDENCY Graph of FIles
- A UI for what vulkan.gpuinfo.com gives you, check their json files, Very Interesting

- [Maybe a way (UI) for ppl/devs to actually see vkDataTypes [e.g.PhysicalDeviceProps&_otherData], then in a NODE-LIKE way set up Logic....[e.g._IF_RayTracing_Sup] which can be executed by amVK to select stuffs and settings at runtime [e.g._Use_smth_like_JSON_to_READ_and_Match_Required_RayTracingSettings]]

# MODULE_STYLES
- Functions that are still in BETA/ALPHA stages will have CAMEL-CASE style
- Use m_var_name for Member Variables [static members doesn't HAVE TO but can]
- AS LESS FUNCTIONS AS THERE CAN BE. eg. see stuffs in createInstance [KHR_Vulkan impl also does this]

# INVESTIGATION
- CALLOC vs MALLOC [For now we Fucking Malloc everywhere https://stackoverflow.com/questions/282926/time-complexity-of-memory-allocation and Calloc if 0-init needed]
- [REALLY_BIG_TASK] Scan through how blender Speed Ups happened
-  As of the ARCHIVE on JULY 21, it's Like It takes around 50MB RAM (Windows task Manager says GPU SHared memory increases like ~50-100MB) to just run a single fucking 1000x720 Windowed traingle [remember 3 SWAPCHAIN_IMAGES were Created]
- https://stackoverflow.com/questions/40185665/performance-cost-of-passing-by-value-vs-by-reference-or-by-pointer    [TEST: https://stackoverflow.com/a/22842701  another: https://gist.github.com/justbuchanan/a1594aead5fda4e6e526]       [GCC_AUTO_REF2VAL:https://stackoverflow.com/a/49523201]

# MISCELLANEOUS
- LET PPL decide which Vulkan-Api Version they want to Run on, and UPDATE DOCS on this File
- TIME-TRAVEL SplashScreen [ ++TVA ]
- Introduce Fatal Erorr instant Close with Message pop up
- make \section based \docs

# SAFE_ND_SOUND
- Make sure that No Variable was Declared Local to Function and then set the Memory Address to Class (Pointer)Variable 
- USE c++ style casts for as much places as possible, I do think calloc and Malloc can and should still be C-style casts   {+see Investigation#1}

- We calloc most of the Stuffs here, Prolly all VulkanStruct Pointers, REMEMBER TO FREE.... just wanted something BETTER THAN FUCKING VECTOR
- DISCUSS WHICH FORBIDDEN STUFFS SHOULD BE EXPOSED to PUBLIC API
-- Decide Wheather we should Expose some of FORBIDDEN VARIABLES in the CLASS as public/private.... maybe make some of these STATIC?

Commit message:

amVK.hh & amVK.cpp is now Fully Modular.... [Moved to v0.0.2]
You can change or dynamically modify anything from there
0.1 will Have most of the Docs.... currently some stuffs are like faded

https://open.spotify.com/track/7gHs73wELdeycvS48JfIos
https://open.spotify.com/track/1MxT9oJtIQgDeBFrsKee4w

.readme/amVK.md, after:

<!--
  [Cut out on SEPT22 from amVK.cpp]



 * WORKFLOW in a GLANCE [if you want pictures (for now) https://www.khronos.org/assets/uploads/developers/library/2016-vulkan-devu-seoul/1-Vulkan-Tutorial_English.pdf]
 * MY ADVICE: FEEL FREE TO COLLAPSE FUNCTIONS, I Tried my best make private-functions independant.... each function is like a station & they just sets values to Variables listed below 
 * For now, call CreateInstance and CreateDevice. thats as far as you can get with this Shitty ass shyte amVK Library [6/26/2021]
 * 
 * ZERO: Instance Creation ------ You are just copy pasting & learning the Philosophy
 * D: RenderDOc Vulkan in 30 Minutes
 * D: VkStructures, their similarities
 * D: Why Vulkan
 * D: Vulkan Layers
 * D: Anything not hidden from the DEVS
 * D: CreateInfos
 * D: Enum Functions
 * D: [VK_KHR_win32_surface gives 'vkCreateWin32SurfaceKHR']
 * D: Learn to Read the VK_Specs
 * 
 * ONE: Device Creation --------- a Step furthur into prologue madness
 * D: Enum PhysicalDeivices, Exts, Features and it's qFamilies [cur. vk has 3 qfamilies, \see ref in amVK::createDevice]
 * D: everyInfo_PD PD{}; member var
 * D: Choose which queueFamily and How many queues to create on a LogicalDevice [To use >1 qFamilies i think the solution is to Create Multiple LogicalDevices, Ask a ques on official forum/Reddit]
 *    see 5.3.2 Queue Creation chapter. vkCreateDevice is when you need to specify qFamily and queues you are gonna use
 * D: VkDeviceCreateInfo.pEnabledFeatures for enabling Extra Features from a GPU
 * D: VkDeviceCreateInfo.ppEnabledExtensionNames for all the Exts that you are gonna use [eg: VK_KHR_SWAPCHAIN, RTX]
 * D: Finally Create the Device, its a Logical One, so you could create multiple in same Physical one, But i don't think anyone needs that
 * D: Fun fact, VkPhysicalDevice itself is an Pointer
 * 
 *     ONE-ONE: the VULKAN CI [Create Info]
 *              .sType ; [khr-reg]/vulkan/specs/1.2-extensions/man/html/VkStructureType.html]
 *              .pNext ; [TODO]
 *              .flags ; [mostly 'reserved for future'] - - - 
 * 
 * TWO: The PROLOGUE Starts! - (Single-Thread Still yet)
 * D: Remember the SurfaceExtension that you queried for vkCreateInstance? You'll need to create Surface for every window
 *    But thats not, something amVK does for you. You need to Manage your own Windows and Surface, Check out amGHOST or GLFW
 *    for Creating surface only thing you will need is amVK_CX::instance;
 * D: PRESENTATION, Don;t get bothered by the word, I was really bothered by it and lost months of Time
 *    it simply, Means that, when GPU PRESENTs [or simply rather SEND PixelValues] to a Fking SURFACE
 *    Annnnnd, thats just it, PRESENTATION SUPPORT [like HULK says, YEEEES! Time-Travel.... What, I see this as an Absolute WIN]
 *    Have Some Hope
 * D: SWAP_CHAIN
 *    [WATCH Brendan Galea's Video on Swapchain, Read TODO: Update this Swapchain DOCS]
 *    Not all graphics cards are capable of presenting images directly to a screen for various reasons, e.g cz they're designed for servers & don't have any display output.
 *    2ndly, since image presentation is heavily tied into the window system and the surfaces associated with windows, it is not actually part of the Vulkan core. 
 *    You have to enable the VK_KHR_swapchain device extension after querying for its support.
 *      - From Vulkan-Tutorial by Alexander Overvoorde
 *    
 *    Now before you Actually Get Into creating the SwapChain. You need to hear something out, [Chappy] (GO Lawrance GO [cobra Kai-ep1]):-
 *      When creating such CreateInfos like the Swapchain, you might get really confused.... Like I Got confused by the imageFormat and imageColorSpace
 *        - Now U'll most probably learn your lesson after you've gotten yourself into some case like that....
 *      Don't do that to yourself, try to Know what you're Actually doin'....
 *      + Don't Try to breakDown every single Stuff that the DRIVER does.... Sometimes its just not Worth it.... + You don't need to anyway
 *      + Sometimes you might 
 * 
 *    Now go on and Check out https://renderdoc.org/vkspec_chunked/chap34.html#_surface_queries, Get yourself an IDEA of what SURFACE_SUP looks like 
 *    Most of these is not about your choices, rather WHAT your DRIVER sup and gives you the options....      
 *      
 *    Now you can finally go and Check the functions inside amVK_WI.hh & amVK_WI.cpp
 *    Create a Swapchain and Check when I recreated the Swapchain in rtr.cpp (if you are confused about amGHOST usage)
 *      + e.g. When window is Resized or minimized swapchain ReCreation is required
 * 
 *  SIDE-QUEST: If you get really Exhausted, go Read this, use your Phone, Get some Sleep, Have some snacks, GIve time to your loved ones [better if you have a GirlFriend, someone that I never had the luck for, yet], maybe go to movies with that someone, 
 *             Then come back fresh minded after some time, Bcz what you have done was great, and If you did it in a Week, go buy yourself a Friggin' big 20' Pizza or smth, You'ld deserve it
 *             THIS: jeremyong.com/c++/vulkan/graphics/rendering/2018/03/26/how-to-learn-vulkan/
 * 
 *  SIDE-QUEST: vblanco20-1 also has a small vkEngine which happens to do more than amVK does rn
 *             Go Check it out if you got a day to spare or understand what you did till this far
 *             THIS: https://github.com/vblanco20-1/VkEngine/blob/master/src/vulkan_init.cpp
 *             This Guy also Worked on THIS: https://github.com/godotengine/godot/issues/23998#issuecomment-497951825
 * 
 *  TBA: APIs Without Secrets update coming soon to Swapchain
 * 
 * 
 * 
 * 
 *  D: RenderPass    [MOTTO: its more about the SubPasses and not about'RenderPass' hype that you get from hearing the name]
 *     In Vulkan, all of the rendering happens inside a VkRenderPass. 
 *     It is not possible to do rendering commands outside of a renderpass, 
 *     but it is possible to do   Compute commands without them.
 * 
 *     MUST-READ: https://vkguide.dev/docs/chapter-1/vulkan_renderpass/    [Don't Forget to check the IMAGE LAYOUT section]
 *     You can also Read this if you Want to: https://renderdoc.org/vkspec_chunked/chap9.html#renderpass
 *     also this https://stackoverflow.com/questions/39551676/confused-about-render-pass-in-vulkan-api
 *     Also This https://software.intel.com/content/www/us/en/develop/articles/api-without-secrets-introduction-to-vulkan-part-3.html
 * 
 *  SIDE-QUEST: A More Broad Overview https://gpuopen.com/learn/vulkan-renderpasses/    [still yet introductory in a sense]
 *     Well, this goddamn fucking RenderPass Thingy feels exactly like what I imagined it would be
 *     Tiling the hell outta the GPU, but still keeping order between them without SYNC-wait-wrk
 *     AMD & NVIDIA Doesn't make TILING GPUs?
 * 
 *   A Renderpass will render into a Framebuffer. The framebuffer links to the images you will render to, 
 *   and it’s used when starting a renderpass to set the target images for rendering, with this:
        vkBeginCommandBuffer(cmd, ...);
        vkCmdBeginRenderPass(cmd, ...);
    
 *   [A.K.A: Later you will need to let the FrameBuffer Know about RenderPass [Just check out FrameBuffer Creation Code first, what are you doing here just reading and reading and reading]
 * 
 *     [From the GPUOPEN:]
 *     In Vulkan, a renderpass object contains the structure of the frame. 
 *     In its simplest form, a renderpass encapsulates the set of framebuffer attachments, 
 *                                                     basic information about pipeline state and not much more. 
 *     However, a renderpass can contain one or more subpasses and information about how those subpasses relate to one another. 
 *     This is where things get interesting.
 * 
 * 
 *   Something from VkGuide to mention NOW:
 *      The renderpass is a concept that only exists in Vulkan. 
 *      It’s there because it allows the driver to know more about the state of the images you render.  
 *      [HOW? it's Bcz of SubPasses, (thats only if... you do use them)]s
 * 
 *  Back to Where vkGuide were:-
 *     First thing we start writing is the color attachment. 
 *     This is the description of the image we will be writing into with rendering commands.
 *     It's Really nothing more than that. But the vkSpec Glossary [https://renderdoc.org/vkspec_chunked/chap54.html#glossary] says somewhat different
 *     \see Attachment (Render Pass) & \see Color Attachments
 * 
 *     There can be multiple Color Attachments, We will need to link them with RenderPass's Attachments
 *     Along with the subpasses, using AttachMentReference
 * 
 *     But I don't think we will use Multiple cz.... it's more like description of img we'l be writing into with rendering commands.
 * 
 *  Now finally [Read this after you see the entire code to Create RenderPass]
 *     ABOUT IMAGE-LAYOUTS:
 *          Images in the GPU aren’t necessarily in the format you would expect. 
 *          For optimization purposes, the GPUs perform a lot of transformation and reshuffling of them into internal opaque formats. 
 *          For example, some GPUs will compress textures whenever they can, and will reorder the way the pixels are arranged so that they mipmap better. 
 * 
 *       In Vulkan, you don’t have control of that, 
 *          but there is control over the layout for the image, which lets the driver transform the image to those optimized internal formats.
 * 
 *      If you get overwhelmed by so many IMAGE LAYOUTS and start wondering what to use.... Then
 *      Just don't be Overwhelmed....  [& listen to some ROCK bands like Linkin Park]
 *      Its Only about choosing the Most OPTIMAL one.... like [VK_IMAGE_LAYOUT_GENERAL could be used anywhere.... But it's like HELLISHLY OPPOSITE: of OPTIMAL]
 * 
 * 
 *      [P.S. I like Chester's Pop songs too.... Heavy, I'm just talking to myself]
 * 
 * 
 *    MORE DETAILS on RENDER PASS Coming Soon
 *    CAN WE USE MUltiple of these? How to sync? When to Use even Multiple? WTF does exactly RenderPass Represent?
 *    https://renderdoc.org/vkspec_chunked/chap8.html#synchronization-semaphores-waiting has got something usefull about RENDERPASS, Seems like what I thought Exactly
 * 
 * 
 *  D: FRAMEBUFFERS
 *     This actually will just hold the Information about actual vkImages from the Swapchain and the RENDER-PASS together
 *     Letting the RenderPass access the vkImages ig....
 *     As the vkImages will change along with SWAPCHAIN-Upadtes.... You will need to Update these Framebuffers
 *     I mean you will need to ReCreate FrameBuffers too....
 * 
 * 
 * 
 *  D: Queues
 *     Sm stuffs about QUEUES: stackoverflow.com/a/55273688
 *          QUOTE: For many apps, a single "universal" queue is all they need. More advanced ones might have one graphics+compute queue, a separate compute-only queue for asynchronous compute work, 
 *                 and a transfer queue for async DMA. Then map what you'd like onto what's available;
 *     if you are confused about queues and qFamilies: [https://stackoverflow.com/a/65086765]
 *     and yes if you think more queues = (idk, what you are thinking, just check this out): [https://www.reddit.com/r/vulkan/comments/kjb388/reason_for_only_creating_1_queue/ggw81mc]
 *     
 * 
 *  D: CommandPool & CommandBuffers
 *     a Good point to start: https://vkguide.dev/docs/chapter-1/vulkan_command_flow/
 *     SHORT: Unlike OpenGL or DirectX pre-11, in Vulkan, all GPU commands have to go through a command buffer. 
 *            Command buffers are allocated from a Command Pool, and executed on Queues.
 *            The general flow to execute commands is:
 *              - You allocate a VkCommandBuffer from a VkCommandPool
 *              - You record commands into the command buffer, using VkCmdXXXXX functions.
 *              - You submit the command buffer into a VkQueue, which starts executing the commands.
 *       [- vblanco20-1]
 * 
 *     It is possible to submit the same command buffer multiple times.
 * 
 * 
 *     CommandBuffer is the only way to MAKE the GPU work for you.... XD
 *     READ: https://vkguide.dev/docs/chapter-1/vulkan_command_flow/#vkcommandbuffer again
 *     AFTER: You have read my Pipeline State doc page that actually explains the IDEA of STATE-MACHINE
 *     TODO: Turn STATE DOC  into a Video on VULKAN PIPELINE
 * 
 * 
 * THREE: - INTO THE PROLOGUE:-    [Well You can watch the PROLOGUE now or after 2nd TIMEline your WISH!!!!]
 *   D:  SYNC & renderLoop Intro:
 *       https://vkguide.dev/docs/chapter-1/vulkan_mainloop/
 *       NVIDIA GDC Talk time
 *       Fench - CPU-GPU Sync         [Easiest one SO FAR]
 *       Semaphore - GPU-GPU sync     [can be UNSIGNALED after Signaled, ref: https://www.reddit.com/r/vulkan/comments/6pwuzd]
 *       Barrier - TBA
 *       Event - TBA
 * 
 *       In your MAIN Loop use:
 *          vkWaitForFences(device->_D, 1, &fenceOne, true, 1000000000);
 *          vkResetFences(device->_D, 1, &fenceOne);
 * 
 *       QueueSubmission & SEMA: https://renderdoc.org/vkspec_chunked/chap6.html#devsandqueues-submission
 *                               https://renderdoc.org/vkspec_chunked/chap8.html#synchronization-semaphores-waiting
 * 
 * 
 *    D: PIPELINE - Intro1
 *       -VkPipelineLayout is a must [even created (vkCreatePipelineLayout)  with   null/0   is okay....]
 * 
 * 
 * 
 *  FOUR:  - THE 2nd TIMELINE - [Movie hasn't actually started YET]
 *    D: VERTEX_BUFFER
 *       In Vulkan, you can allocate memory visible to the GPU, and read it from the shaders. You can allocate memory for two purposes, 
 *            1. for images We have already been using images a bit as part of the render pass and the swapchain, 
 *               but using them in the shaders can be complicated so we leave it for a later chapter. 
 *               Images are used mostly for 2d or 3d data, like textures, where you want to access any part of it from the shaders.
 * 
 *            2. The other type is BUFFERS,  and are just a bunch of memory that the GPU can see and write/read to. 
 *               There are multiple types of buffers, and they can be used in different ways. 
 *               vertex buffer  will allow the GPU to read the data from the buffer and send it to our vertex shader.
 * 
 *       To read a vertex buffer from a shader, you need to set the vertex input state on the pipeline. 
 *       This will let Vulkan know how to interpret a given buffer as vertex data. Once this is set up, 
 *       we will be able to get vertex information into the vertex shader, like vertex colors or vertex positions, automatically.
 * 
 *      Summing it up, say we wanna RENDER an actual OBJECT from CPU MEM, we Create VERTEX_BUFFER.... just another chunk of memory [to PASS TO GPU]
 *                     Then we USE VMA to Allocate & Upload the Buffer to the GPU    [then we might & can delete the CPU Data]
 *                     Finally we gotta let the GPU Know the FUCKING layout of VERTEX_BUFFER via Binding & Attribute DESC.... passing them to VertexInputState at PIPELINE
 *                                  [e.g. There can be 1 Binding But 3 inputs to SHADER.... or Each Binding per Input to Shader]
 * 
 *      Also 1 Pipeline can be used for Different VERTEX_BUFFERS as long as those VERTEX_BUFFERS [a.k.a different OBJECTS] has the SAME MATERIAL
 *      [https://www.reddit.com/r/vulkan/comments/e7n5b6/drawing_multiple_objects/]
 * 
 *    D: PUSH-CONSTANTS:
 *      https://stackoverflow.com/a/50956855
 *      Brendan Galea 09 - Push Constants
 * ---------------------
 * UNDER-THE-HOOD in a GLANCE
 */








  ADDITIONAL RESOURCES: github.com/jcoder58/VulkanResources
-->



# !TOP_PRIORITY
- TODO: Once you finish these Stuffs. Go Live. and Try to explain whats actually going on....
- TODO: REALTIME Viewport Comp https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cy8dopYFTqY with EEVEE
- TODO: Cleanup (like vkDestroyInstance)

# !2ND_PRIORITY
- Add support for Multiple DEVICE [PRIORITY, Always Better to make use of All those Hardware Just Sitting there] & Instances [Even if it's NEVER Needed anyway]
- Add a Basic Template for Vulkan Layer [Has to Be Fun] & User VulkanLayers
- Add Support for User-Specified Exts & amGHOST_Presets     [InstanceExts_&_DeviceExts....] (e.g. Vulkan3D Preset, RT_Preset, ENC/DEC_Preset)
- Add support for user Choosing Device Features and ETC

# COOL_FEATURES
- Add docs for VULKAN Structs and CREATEInfos In particular
- Add Support for MIXING AMD and NVIDIA CARDS. [PROBLEMS: Different InstancExts, ]
- Docs & Extended BenchMarks on VARIABLE-PRESENT-MODE? I mean sometimes you can be sure that the frame you are gonna render is gonna take upto this amount of time. [VKSPEC_33.8.Display_Timing_Queries]
- Showing ALl the info like iep, iExts, PDinfo etc in a good UI kinda WAY, Maybe a NODE SYSTEM based?
- Document the DEPENDENCY Graph of FIles
- A UI for what vulkan.gpuinfo.com gives you, check their json files, Very Interesting

- [Maybe a way (UI) for ppl/devs to actually see vkDataTypes [e.g.PhysicalDeviceProps&_otherData], then in a NODE-LIKE way set up Logic....[e.g._IF_RayTracing_Sup] which can be executed by amVK to select stuffs and settings at runtime [e.g._Use_smth_like_JSON_to_READ_and_Match_Required_RayTracingSettings]]

- [a TEST Database.... so many stuffs in VULKAN is just 'NOT DEFINED' [e.g._qFamilies] smtimes there are DEDICATED qFamilies that only support 1 TYPE of QUEUES.... even then there would be ALL-SUPPORTING qFAMs.... So for these HAZY and FADED stuffs. we could create a DATABASE storing all GPUs Perfomance Information.... That has to be Always live.... for RUNTIME support.... more like extended version of that https://vulkan.gpuinfo.org/]

# MODULE_STYLES
- Functions that are still in BETA/ALPHA stages will have CAMEL-CASE style
- Use m_var_name for Member Variables [static members doesn't HAVE TO but can]
- AS LESS FUNCTIONS AS THERE CAN BE. eg. see stuffs in createInstance [KHR_Vulkan impl also does this]

# INVESTIGATION
- CALLOC vs MALLOC [For now we Fucking Malloc everywhere https://stackoverflow.com/questions/282926/time-complexity-of-memory-allocation and Calloc if 0-init needed]
- [REALLY_BIG_TASK] Scan through how blender Speed Ups happened
-  As of the ARCHIVE on JULY 21, it's Like It takes around 50MB RAM (Windows task Manager says GPU SHared memory increases like ~50-100MB) to just run a single fucking 1000x720 Windowed traingle [remember 3 SWAPCHAIN_IMAGES were Created]
- https://stackoverflow.com/questions/40185665/performance-cost-of-passing-by-value-vs-by-reference-or-by-pointer    [TEST: https://stackoverflow.com/a/22842701  another: https://gist.github.com/justbuchanan/a1594aead5fda4e6e526]       [GCC_AUTO_REF2VAL:https://stackoverflow.com/a/49523201]

# MISCELLANEOUS
- LET PPL decide which Vulkan-Api Version they want to Run on, and UPDATE DOCS on this File
- TIME-TRAVEL SplashScreen [ ++TVA ]
- Introduce Fatal Erorr instant Close with Message pop up
- make \section based \docs

# SAFE_ND_SOUND
- Make sure that No Variable was Declared Local to Function and then set the Memory Address to Class (Pointer)Variable 
- USE c++ style casts for as much places as possible, I do think calloc and Malloc can and should still be C-style casts   {+see Investigation#1}

- We calloc most of the Stuffs here, Prolly all VulkanStruct Pointers, REMEMBER TO FREE.... just wanted something BETTER THAN FUCKING VECTOR
- DISCUSS WHICH FORBIDDEN STUFFS SHOULD BE EXPOSED to PUBLIC API
-- Decide Wheather we should Expose some of FORBIDDEN VARIABLES in the CLASS as public/private.... maybe make some of these STATIC?
